OSDOCS-11995: adds note to contrib guide (#81722)
openshift/openshift-docs: contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====
In core OpenShift Container Platform documentation, do not italicize user-replaced values. This guideline is an exception to the link:https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#user-replaced-values[_Red Hat supplementary style guide for product documentation_].

> Note that Red Hat build of MicroShift documentation does follow the SSG and italicizes user-replaced values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red Hat build of MicroShift documentation follows the SSG and italicizes user-replaced values.
```
